[DOC-987] Voyager docs for v2025.9.3 (#28740)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-voyager/migrate/bulk-data-load.md

{{< /warning >}}

### Validate query performance

> {{<tags/feature/tp>}} You can compare query performance between the source database and the target YugabyteDB database (supported only for YugabyteDB releases [v2025.1](/preview/releases/ybdb-releases/v2025.1/) and later) using the [yb-voyager compare-performance](../../reference/compare-performance/) command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<tags/feature/tp>}} You can compare query performance between the source database and the target YugabyteDB database (YugabyteDB {{<release "2025.1">}} and later) using the [yb-voyager compare-performance](../../reference/compare-performance/) command.
```

This command analyzes statistics collected during [assess migration](../assess-migration/) from the source database and compares it with statistics collected from the target YugabyteDB database.

The command generates both HTML and JSON reports and provides insight into how your workload (application queries) is performing on the target YugabyteDB database compared to the source database, allowing you to prioritize and plan optimization efforts.

#### Prerequisites

To compare query performance, verify you have done the following:

- Performed a [migration assessment](../../migrate/assess-migration/) using the [assess-migration](../reference/assess-migration/#assess-migration) command, and have the statistics from the source database.
- Run a source workload on both the source and target YugabyteDB databases.
- Enabled statistics collection ([pg_stat_statements](../../../additional-features/pg-extensions/extension-pgstatstatements/)) on the target YugabyteDB database.

> Run the command as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Compare performance

Run the command as follows:
```
